Partial Match fixes (#13)
helibproject/HElib: tests/CMakeLists.txt

# Gtests configuration file

# If ONLY_ADD_TEST the test targets will not get generated, but only cmake tests

> # will be added (end of the file).

Author: What does "end of the file" mean here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# will be added (at the bottom of the file).
```

> # If ONLY_ADD_TEST the test targets will not get generated, but only cmake tests
> # will be added (at the bottom of the file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If ONLY_ADD_TEST the test targets will not get generated, but only cmake tests
# will be added (see the end of this file).
```

> # Otherwise target will be generated, tests will be built and added to cmake.

Author: ```suggestion
# Otherwise the target will be generated, tests will be built and added to cmake.
```
